Update a11y.ts (#9567)
withastro/astro: .changeset/orange-trainers-learn.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Improve a11y-missing-content rule for audit feature of dev-overlay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves the a11y-missing-content rule and error message for audit feature of dev-overlay. This also fixes an error where this check was falsely reporting accessibility errors.
```
